In this part, we offer you an in-depth study of 3 genre that we have selected to show you that the  notion of movie genre is not uniform across the globe.

In this plot we can observe how the different topics are approached in each genre and differentiate this by country. We can also observe different statistics about people acting in each genre. 
On the left panel, you can see a t-SNE of Indian and American movies we ran on standardized actor data and topics prevalence computed in the previous part. From this t-SNE, we ran an K-Means to obtain the clusters you can observe. Those clusters represent what we characterized as sub-genres. 
On the right panel, you can switch between 3 panels. The first one show you the mean of standardized prevalence of each topic of each cluster. The second one shows you the country representation in each cluster. As we have an unbalanced dataset with more American than Indian movies, we have normalized those values by dividing them respectively by the total proportion of Indian and American movies in our dataset. We have done this normalization to underline the over-representation or under-representation of each country compared to our dataset. Finally, on the last panel, you can visualize the raw mean of each cluster for different statistics about actors.

This plot shows that each movie genre is represented in very different ways in each country. You will find many examples by navigating through this plot. We will detail one of them here. Let's take the genre 'romance'. The K-Means algorithm find 5 clusters. We can observe on the right panel by selecting 'Countries' that in the cluster 0, in pink, that Indian movies are largely over-represented. On the other hand, for the third cluster, in grey, it's the American movies that are largely over-represented. Now let's study the standardized topic prevalence. We first see that the topic concerning women and relationship has a much higher prevalence in the grey cluster than in the pink cluster although it remains important in the latter. Secondly, we can see that the topics containing the words 'father', 'family' or 'mother' have a negative standardized prevalence in the cluster 3 whereas in the cluster 0 we have positive values. This indicates that there exists a sub-genre of romance mainly present in India where the family-related topics are important. On the other hand, there exists a sub-genre of romance where this topic is not approached and this sub-genre is mainly present in the US and less popular in India. It is also important to notice that there are also other clusters, or sub-genres, that are represented more equally in both countries or with only a slight dominance of one country like clusters 1, 2 or 4. This shows that there are still some Indian and American romance that share a lot of features.